{\rtf \tx504 \li504 \fi-504 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa240 1. \tab Connolly J. Deep Space Transport (DST) and Mars Mission Architecture. :20.
\
2. \tab H\uc0\u228{}uplik-Meusburger S, Binsted K, Bassingthwaighte T, Petrov G. Habitability Studies and Full Scale Simulation Research: Preliminary themes following HISEAS mission IV. :18.
\
3. \tab Hawaii. In: {\i{}Wikipedia}. ; 2020. https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hawaii&oldid=952568872. Accessed April 24, 2020.
\
4. \tab HI-SEAS. In: {\i{}Wikipedia}. ; 2020. https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=HI-SEAS&oldid=939222655. Accessed April 12, 2020.
\
5. \tab HI-SEAS. HI-SEAS. http://hi-seas.org/. Accessed April 12, 2020.
\
6. \tab Soderman, SSERVI Staff. HI-SEAS Mission 3. Solar System Exploration Research Virtual Institute. https://sservi.nasa.gov/articles/hi-seas-mission-3/. Published 2014. Accessed April 25, 2020.
\
7. \tab Siceloff S. HI-SEAS Team Completes 8-Month Isolation Mission. NASA. http://www.nasa.gov/feature/hi-seas-team-completes-8-month-isolation-mission. Published June 19, 2015. Accessed April 12, 2020.
\
8. \tab Cofield C. Life on Mars: Inside The HI-SEAS Isolation Habitat (Gallery). Space.com. https://www.space.com/33941-inside-hiseas-isolation-habitat-hawaii.html. Published September 2, 2016. Accessed April 25, 2020.
\
9. \tab Binsted K. M\uc0\u257{}noa: HI-SEAS Mission VI cancelled | University of Hawaii News. https://manoa.hawaii.edu/news/article.php?aId=9103. Published February 26, 2018. Accessed April 25, 2020.
\
10. \tab Trifonovitch KA. M\uc0\u257{}noa: HI-SEAS Mission VI is the most international crew in study history | University of Hawaii News. http://manoa.hawaii.edu/news/article.php?aId=9072. Published November 30, 2017. Accessed April 25, 2020.
\
11. \tab Meisenzahl D. M\uc0\u257{}noa: HI-SEAS Mission VI postponed following a minor accident | University of Hawaii News. https://manoa.hawaii.edu/news/article.php?aId=9085. Published February 19, 2018. Accessed April 25, 2020.
\
12. \tab Daines G. NASA\uc0\u8217{}s Journey to Mars. NASA. http://www.nasa.gov/content/nasas-journey-to-mars. Published February 13, 2015. Accessed April 24, 2020.
\
}